---
layout: post
title: Roadmap!
categories: blog
intro: Post to talk about future topics, possible improvments to this blog, including design changes.
---

I whould really like to change the font, after a fast search, I found  the [Inconsolata](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Inconsolata?selection.family=Inconsolata) font. O would like to implement it all across this blog.

Other thing is that I wanna create an Archive, but just after I reach 5+ blog posts. 

Already changed th ecolor, to look like my terminal :).

Add support for pictures on the blog post suggestion.

The roadmap for this blog is:
- Usando charles para mapear API
- MITM com charles.
- Usando cycript para obter chaves de API.
    - Alterando springborad tbm :DD.
- Como eu fiz o renovator. Explicar engenharia reversa da criptografia.
- Redesign do renovator [design guideline](https://www.uplabs.com/posts/smart-personal-automatic)

- Descriptografando apps, e fazendo Class e memory dump.
- Defcon expirience. (criar album com as poucas fotos que tenho)
    - Explicar como foi tudo, nos dois anos.
- Elixir and phoenix para api do renovator. Criando autenticação e job agendado.
    - Mencionar o pluralsight.

- Seu app está seguro? (resumo dos anteriores)
> Fazer um blog com explicações detalhadas sobre como usar o charles.
> 

- Livros que marcaram minha vida.
# Important
Find a way to execute script in docker to create topics.


DeepX
In a team of a fast growing US company, the main roles were to release releasse a new tool and maontain and slowly update lagacy both Android and iOS apps. Also was involved in backend development in Elixir, and frontend web in Elm.


Warren Brasil
Helped finishing the iOS app in Swift. Continued with the development of the Android app in Kotlin.


Apple Developer Academy | PUCRS
By using CBL, I participate on many challanges, creating many small apps, usign mulitples tecnologies and platforms as Apple Watch, Apple TV, ResearchKit, BLE, P2P cominucation. 


Micro G -
At 

Flip Studio
I was Involved in an Ojective-C project for a mobile iOS platform focoused in offline sales.

Darkshine

CO-Founder
- Involved in many products, for differet clients. 
- From conception to delivery experience.
- Team management and sofrtware architecture.
- 
